ADT-267: support test config name execution (#53)
jenkinsci/eggplant-runner-plugin: README.md

        stage('Eggplant Runner') {

>             steps {
>                 eggplantRunner serverURL: 'Your DAI server URL', testConfigId: 'Your test configuration that want to execute'
>                 // OR eggplantRunner serverURL: 'Your DAI server URL', testConfigName: 'Your model-based test configuration name', modelName: 'Your model name'
>                 // OR eggplantRunner serverURL: 'Your DAI server URL', testConfigName: 'Your script-based test configuration name', suiteName: 'Your suite name'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            steps {
                // To run DAI test configuration by test config Id, use the following command
                eggplantRunner serverURL: 'Your DAI server URL', testConfigId: 'Your test configuration that want to execute'
                //  To run DAI Test Configuration by Test Config Name with model name, use the following command
                // eggplantRunner serverURL: 'Your DAI server URL', testConfigName: 'Your model-based test configuration name', modelName: 'Your model name'
                //  To run DAI Test Configuration by Test Config Name with suite name, use the following command
                // eggplantRunner serverURL: 'Your DAI server URL', testConfigName: 'Your script-based test configuration name', suiteName: 'Your suite name'
                
                //Note: Only execute one of the command per each build step
```
